Batch Redaction (1.1): Final Product Description
Overview
Redaction 1.1. provides significant updates for the redaction feature, including the ability to batch
redact multiple documents and folders as wells as general redaction improvements:
Batch redact multiple documents and folders to apply search terms and AI categories
Selection redaction to create markups by clicking on content in the document viewer
Improved reporting on applied and activated markups 
Dutch as 6th language to apply terms
Monetary amounts as 26th redaction category
Batch Redaction
Batch Redaction Workflow
To initiate batch redaction, select at least two documents or at least one folder. It is possible to
select documents/folders from different parts of the index and between different granularities. 
Once the user selected the batch of documents to redact, a window with a pre-redaction report
will inform which files can be redacted and which cannot. Files that cannot be redacted are files
that have not been OCRed, contain too little text or are already redacted copies.
Users can select the redaction terms and categories that are applied for all documents in the
selected batch. Category selection works like regular redaction. For the search terms, the user
may enter the terms by typing or copy and paste multiples terms at once separating them by
comma or space (e.g., copying from an Excel spreadsheet).
The user needs to define the target and permission for the redacted files. Once the users
submits the request, the documents are processed and the notifications inform the user about
the current progress. Batch redaction tries to replicated the structure and order of the source
documents. Clicking “View result” in the notification tab filters for all processed documents.
These can then be further edited with single document redaction.Batch Redaction Pricing/Availability
Batch Redaction is available in all product offerings that include single document reaction such
as TDRs, Flex dataroooms with redaction enabled, and Lifecycle Premium datarooms. However,
Batch Redaction is technically a separate module and could be priced separately in the future.
General Redaction Improvements
Selection redaction: Create redaction markups from the document
Previously, terms not found by AI categories needed to be searched for, being inconvenient for
longer terms. Users now have an efficient alternative by simply clicking on the content (terms or
images) within the document viewer. This selection method also works for images (e.g., logos).
Only content recognized by OCR can be redacted in this way.
0:00 / 2:111x
0:00 / 0:231xImproved Reporting on applied and activated markups
When a user applied AI categories in version 1.0, he would have no proper overview of the
found activated and activated category types. Version 1.1 introduces a count of activated and
found markups when clicking on the AI category icon again. In this example, 19/19 indicates that
19 occurrences of “organization” were found in the document, and all 19 are activated. If the
user unchecks two occurrences of “organization” the count tracks 17/19 organizations are now
activated.
Dutch as 6th language for AI redaction
The AI redaction feature supports now Dutch, which means you can search for 26 different
categories in Dutch documents.
0:00 / 0:301x
Monetary Amounts as new Redaction Category
AI redaction can now identify Monetary amounts such as prices and salaries.
0:00 / 0:261x